the own rap grid is brought to you by
cat beast calm design your own custom
snap backs and hats cab beast calm we or
beast some pellet BAM dance random
straight to it overseer the game through
with a stick and you're hurting they get
through in his bitching no sweat
I can't believe the blood on my shirt
hey bro what's up man so I'm back again
on yeah a lot of you guys been acting
for that demigod attribute update so I'm
bringing that to y'all man I'm showing
y'all how to like have the wettest jump
shot bro I don't know if it's the
wettest but I just know I've been at the
park cashing out with this jump shot I'm
gonna get into the later man to show
y'all what jumper it is out I mean why
not release it to cage them they're over
with so it's really no secrets to highs
I'm going in show y'all this you know
yeah this is a demigod man you have to
make a you have to go like we'll look at
the steps to make a demigod but you see
these are my attributes we're here jump
shooting maxed out athlete Mike style
playmaker like level 17 defender is like
nothing 19 nothing on the inside cuz I
own this game you really don't need
anything on your inside to make inside
layers right it's crazy that's how bad
hash for is but it is what it is man so
basically don't even put nothing on the
inside because you don't really need it
all you gotta do is put Acrobat on gold
and you straight money but you see these
are my Park animations man I'm gonna get
into this and now I'm yeah like the jump
shot and stuff um just go to the like
little created player thing it's like
where you make your demigod that's why I
will be showing you all my my signature
moves and all that but um yeah man this
dude's really been cached enough for me
lately bro I like it took me a minute to
find a jump shot and this is my camera
that I use at park I'm not gonna be
using it and this gameplay that you guys
on the sea but yeah I'm using the
default camera this is how you make my
daughter don't ask me why his name is
chief Sousa uh uh everybody his name was
chief Sousa because I had dreads and he
was black as fuck but uh yeah I forgot
to change his name so I don't really
know I just be rolling I hear like
whatever you know you know browned up
you know but oh yeah man we just been
out here ballin lady man I got like I
said I got to jump shots just in case to
the jump shot do go broke always can go
back and go use my other one because I
know that's money I know that release
and stuff like that so you always want
to make sure you have a back-up plan
just in case you do start breaking so
and now yeah if you want to make this do
man just just watch this video pause
video whenever you need it you know make
sure you hit that like button make sure
you do this at your own risk cause like
I mean 2k is banning niggas suppose you
got I mean I haven't seen nobody get
banned but or they do like my players
get deleted and shit like that so do to
set your own Richmond I mean I uh I
really don't give no farther to K is
over with you a seventy two point guard
you ask my neighbor but my daughter is
some 610 you know my doing isn't cheesy
or nothing like that I'm on fucking
wings I mean my motherfucking wingspan
on all the way down to my ankles I can't
just touch my toes and stand up at the
same time I don't have every badge on
and on yeah man we just be not cheesy
Ronnie I'm just a regular small for a
Micah Katie a 610 and I don't know why I
made him rent out there man ripped on
accident but all yet only the
accessories that I really wanted for
making a demon guy was uh they got damn
legs fees but you see my jump shot
it is Carmelo Anthony release and all
the market the artery's base its money
for me man I don't get too many greens I
don't know because of my hot spots but I
know it goes in like fucking a lot I
went to the stage and I was burning some
naked man I mean we lost Wilson but on
yeah but hey it was going in I've been
shooting like crazy
the percentage especially when I'm wide
open mama know like I said maybe I miss
like the first two threes at the
beginning I like I guess my do get a
warm-up with some shit but every like
after that man I got really worried
about nothing but yeah this is pretty
much the attribute update man so I'm
gonna show off some gameplay just to
show you niggas dead this jump shot its
money but I was out here with my boy
lazy out here my boy Wilson yeah just I
was just out here testing my jump shot
like when I come out here I'm I'm just
testing did you see me shooting nothing
but three does me just testing my jump
shot I'm like man I'm not gonna do
nothing but shoot three so you gonna see
me shoot some crazy ass shots I mean but
see today I'm gonna show you how to go
in though see I got the ball right here
gonna give it up to Wilson wasn't gonna
pull up and yeah
Wilson got a nice jump shot - but I'm
missing our but his jump shot money -
but I'm you see I'm decides my opponent
I'm trying to get open so I can shoot a
nice little 3c I give it up to Wilson go
shoot another three and then stick it
broke on god damn he broken look at me I
got the ball stepping back pulling up
with a hand in my face cashing out
that's a long one I ain't mean to take
that long but um I wanted a - right
there but shit they gave me one only
matter day you should just make a
pulling up cash now that's Wilson do I
think I don't know is that might do the
Wilson do I'm not sure she lazy inbound
the ball to me you know I'm trying to go
I'm gonna go that three-point line on
the world and this ain't no where my hot
spots it was at this time cuz I just
made my do it and I forgot to check it
but so you're gonna see me just pulling
up from anywhere not even though my eyes
with hot zones is cheers - look at this
man going up with the easy layup
getting bucking stuff ok ok ok look at
this get out my way boy get out of my
way boy look hit him with the double
crossover pulling up Green Team nigga
let's get it yeah I'm telling you man
this jump shot is tight money bow like I
don't know so if you want to use this
really up to you but if you think your
jump shot water tomorrow leave it down
in the comment section below I might end
up trying it out one day you never know
I just wanna have like I don't always
like testing out jumpers it's actually
pretty fun see I got the ball sizing the
mugs I could have pulled that actually I
end up pulling some crazy shit right
there I don't know why I put it the
first time look at Wilson pulling up
knocking down the shot goddamn Tommy at
that 3 all know what's been going on
with this nigga
mano bought by the way this nigga Wilson
is cheesy so I want to hear nothing in
the comment section this niggas got a
star last dude I mean my duty to talk to
but you can actually make these young
niggas 16 and the motherfucker
my my players create a thing whatever
would have called it so I want to hear
none of that shit so I got 7 points
though 3 boards no assists what did you
trying to do it this man ain't only the
crazy thing is they just again in tune
with sent me a message after the game
and said I got a weak-ass jumper
look bang-bang nigga oh my god damn you
got lucky but um how my jumper weak when
I shot crazy crazy motherfucking field
goal percentage
and you had one bone here at one point
the struggle for a bucket is real
look at this man pulling up no Bucky oh
god damn but look into and get with it
get your eyes on the ground I mean I
believe read my messages but I just
happen to come across a cousin like a
mad dog with sending me messages and
shit look at me pulling Dumpty Dumpty I
fuck around be back man I remember James
Harden was my jumper maybe this might be
my jumper I don't know I'm gonna just
keep rolling with it for a while see how
how it turned out too because you know
how to kb man you can be rolling with a
jump shot for so long and edgy say fuck
that we're gonna break your shit today
look at this manchild look what is he
doin doing these amateur has driven
moves don't give it up to my dude you
know he ain't with that bucket team
don't give them to this nigga Wilson I
don't know what the fuck what Wilson
I'll be watching this and just just
study the game feeling my boy only deep
in society we see me looking I got the
ball then I'm putting me in the double
team animation Wilson pulling up he
knocking down the shot on net right
there you see score seven of 14 how her
giving these boys the buckets I'm here
giving a boy the buckets look at this
look at this man pulling up he knocking
down the MIDI right there but you know
you need to is my boy you bought the
goofiest niggas so lazy don't give me
the ball right here you know I'm sizing
the my opponent trying to get free wide
open at the top of the cake knocking
down the shot look at it 8 to 16 look 11
in 1 and Tony I hope you watching this
fucking video cuz he's never really got
the nerve to say my jumper was weak come
on bro come on but oh yeah I hope you
guys enjoyed this gameplay make sure you
that like button go ahead and subscribe
and catch a little more videos ro